# Design Documents

## Initial Architecture Description
Before run time, our data scraper pulls current market data into our database. The DNN is trained on this data as well as it can be before the user turns on the program. The user is greeted by our user interface which will prompt them for a market ticker. If the ticker is valid and not in our database already, it will be pulled and ran through the DNN. The DNN will output to our graphical interface which will present the user with the graphed price data; including our DNN's prediction of future price action. If the user inputs a ticker which is already in our data base, it will be pulled and ran once more through the DNN and output to the graphical interface.

## User Story Architecture Relation
As a trader, I want to be able to easily search for market data on a desired tickers to make quick trading decisions. I want to the program to attempt to predict future price action so that I may make better trading decisions. I want to be able to visualize the programs prediction so that I can pick specific entry and exit points for my position.

## Class Description
There are four classes in our design. DataHandler.py collects and stores data. DataHandler.py has an engine, a start, a end, and a target ticker. Its job is to scrape yahoo finance for data and plug it into our database. sqlDataBase.py has an engine and performs sql querys and returns dataframes for use in our dnn and graphing software. DNN.py pulls data from the database, trains itself, and outputs its results. The DNN's results are taken in by our Grapher.py class which creates a visual graph composed of dataframe data. The Grapher is tied to our final class, Window.py which presents the user with our generated graph and action listening fields for user input.

## User Story Architecture Relation
As a trader I want to quickly access DNN predictions from a user interface to make better trading decisions.
## User Interface Description
The user interface will be simple. The user is prompted with a large text field for their desired ticker and an action listener for confirmation. Once input, the majority of the screen is filled by a graph generated by our GUI.
## Data storage
Data is pulled externally from finance.yahoo.com, trimmed to our specifications and stored remotely in a MySQL database for future use. This form of data handling reduces the amount of space and computation our program needs to do at run time. Enabling our trader to quickly access their desired stocks prediction.
